c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\NotificationApplication.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\NotificationApplication.Tests.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\NotificationApplication.Tests.pdb
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\NotificationApplication.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\NotificationApplication.pdb
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\obj\Debug\NotificationApplication.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\obj\Debug\NotificationApplication.Tests.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\obj\Debug\NotificationApplication.Tests.pdb
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\BusinessLogic.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceLayer.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\BusinessLogic.pdb
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceLayer.pdb
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\DataAccess.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\DataAccess.pdb
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.xml
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.xml
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.xml
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\StructureMap.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\StructureMap.Net4.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\StructureMap.Web.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\StructureMap.pdb
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\StructureMap.Net4.pdb
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\StructureMap.Web.pdb
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Model.dll
c:\users\hverma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Model.pdb
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\ApplicationInsights.config
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\NotificationApplication.Tests.dll.config
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\NotificationApplication.Tests.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\NotificationApplication.Tests.pdb
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\BusinessLogic.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\DataAccess.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Model.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\NotificationApplication.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceLayer.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\WebActivatorEx.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\StructureMap.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\StructureMap.Net4.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\StructureMap.Web.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\BusinessLogic.pdb
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\DataAccess.pdb
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Model.pdb
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\NotificationApplication.pdb
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceLayer.pdb
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.xml
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.xml
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.xml
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\StructureMap.pdb
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\StructureMap.Net4.pdb
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\bin\Debug\StructureMap.Web.pdb
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\obj\Debug\NotificationApplication.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\obj\Debug\NotificationApplication.Tests.dll
D:\gitRepo\JenkinsJobs\NotificationApplication\NotificationApplication.Tests\obj\Debug\NotificationApplication.Tests.pdb
